BIG NEWS-- THERE'S BIG NEWS LAST
NIGHT OUT OF THE MUELLER
INVESTIGATION.
BECAUSE LATE LAST NIGHT, THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL DROPPED A
SENTENCING RECOMMENDATION FOR
FORMER TRUMP NATIONAL SECURITY
ADVISOR AND DAD WHO'S NOT ANGRY,
ANGRY, MICHAEL FLYNN.
NOW, YOU'LL RECALL THAT LAST
YEAR FLYNN PLEADED GUILTY TO
LYING TO THE F.B.I. ABOUT
CONVERSATIONS HE HAD WITH THE
RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED
STATES, SERGEY KISLYAK, JUST
INAUGURATION.
YES, TRUMP'S TEAM WAS READY ON
DAY ONE TO LIE ABOUT WHAT THEY
DID ON DAY TWO.
(  LAUGHTER  )
ACCORDING TO MUELLER, FLYNN
HELPED SUBSTANTIALLY WITH THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL'S INVESTIGATION
AND SHOULD RECEIVE LITTLE OR NO
PRISON TIME.
MY, MY-- HE MUST HAVE GIVEN THEM
SOMETHING REALLY GOOD.
(  LAUGHTER  )
IF BY "REALLY GOOD," YOU MEAN
REALLY BAD, AND I USUALLY DO.
OH, WHAT COULD THEY BE?
SECRET COMMUNIQUES?
ENCRYPTED EMAILS?
A NOTE FROM TRUMP TO PUTIN?
"WILL YOU COLLUDE WITH ME?
CHECK ONE: YES OR NO."
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
YES.
I THINK YES.
WE SHOULD CHECK THE YES.
YES.
( APPLAUSE )
AND THAT CAN'T BE ALL FLYNN TOLD
THEM, BECAUSE HE HAD 19
INTERVIEWS WITH MUELLER'S
OFFICE.
SO WHAT EXACTLY DID FLYNN TELL
MUELLER?
WELL, LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
"THE DEFENDANT HAS PROVIDED
SUBSTANTIAL ASSISTANCE IN A
CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION."
AND THE REST IS BLACKED OUT.
WHEN DONALD TRUMP COMPLAINED
THIS INVESTIGATION WAS COSTING
US MILLIONS, I DIDN'T KNOW HE
MEANT IN TONER.
(  LAUGHTER  )
BY THE WAY, THAT'S WHAT EVERY
TRUMP STAFFER'S RESUME IS GOING
TO LOOK LIKE AFTER THIS.
(  LAUGHTER  )
"OKAY, MR. MNUCHIN, WHERE DID
YOU WORK FROM 2016 TO 2019?"
"THAT'S CONFIDENTIAL."
(  LAUGHTER  )
OF COURSE, NOT EVERYONE THINKS
THAT FLYNN'S SENTENCING
RECOMMENDATION LOOKS DAMNING.
TAKE REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMAN AND
MAN WHO THINKS HE'S TALKING ON
THE PHONE RIGHT NOW, MARK
MEADOWS.
MEADOWS WENT ON THE FOX NEWS TO
SAY HOW THIS WHOLE FLYNN THING
IS ACTUALLY GREAT FOR TRUMP.
>> I THINK IT'S GOOD NEWS FOR
PRESIDENT TRUMP TONIGHT THAT
THIS IS WHAT IT'S COME DOWN TO--
EVEN THOUGH THEY SAID HE
SUBSTANTIALLY COOPERATED, I
THINK HE SUBSTANTIALLY
COOPERATED TO SAY THAT THERE WAS
NO COLLUSION.
>> Stephen: "YEAH, YOU SEE?
FLYNN SPENT THOSE ALL HOURS
TELLING MUELLER THE MANY WAYS
TRUMP DIDN'T COLLUDE!
IT'S JUST 19 HOURS OF REDACTED
INNOCENCE."
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND YOU KNOW WHO AGREES?
STEVE DOOCY OVER AT "FOX &
FRIENDS."
>> THIS WAS ESSENTIALLY THE
POINT PERSON THERE DURING THE
TRANSITION.
AND IF HE'S GETTING ZERO JAIL
TIME, THAT SHOULD TELL YOU A LOT
ABOUT THE STATE OF COLLUSION.
>> BUT, STEVE, BUT HE GOT IT
BECAUSE THEY CLAIM THAT HE IS
COOPERATING.
SO, WHAT DID HE SAY?
WE DON'T KNOW, BECAUSE MOST OF
THIS STUFF IS REDACTED.
>> BUT WHERE IS THE COLLUSION
PART?
THERE IS NO MENTION OF THAT.
>> BUT THERE'S NO REPORT YET!
>> THERE'S NO MENTION OF
COLLUSION SO FAR.
(  LAUGHTER  ).
>> Stephen: IT'S TRUE, IT'S
TRUE.
GOOD POINT.
THAT'S AN EXCELLENT POINT.
IT'S AN EXCELLENT POINT.
IT'S LIKE THE OLD SAYING, "SEE
NO EVIL.
OKAY, NO EVIL, I GUESS."
WHAT DOES HE THINK IS UNDER ALL
THOSE BLACK BARS?
JUST NIPPLES?
WHAT'S UNDER THERE?
(  LAUGHTER  )
ALSO-- BY THE WAY, HAVE YOU EVER
SHOPPED AT "JUST NIPPLES?"
>> Jon: NO.
>> Stephen: DON'T.
THEY ALSO HAVE HOUSEWARES.
ALSO, NOT BUYING IT WAS TRUMP
LAWYER AND PHANTOM OF THE
ADMINISTRATION, RUDY GIULIANI.
GIULIANI WAS UNIMPRESSED WITH
MUELLER'S WORK, AND HE TEXTED A
STAFFER AT "POLITICO": "WOW BIG
CRIME FOR A SPECIAL WHATEVER."
"SPECIAL WHATEVER"?
I THINK GIULIANI HAS ENTERED HIS
"MEAN GIRL" PHASE.
(  LAUGHTER  )
"WHATEVER.
WHATEVER.
YOU'RE GOING TO INDICT MICHAEL
FLYNN WEARING THOSE SHOES?
WHATEVER.
(  LAUGHTER  )
WHY WOULD YOU WEAR THAT?
( APPLAUSE )
THAT'S STUPID."
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND A FEW DAYS AGO GIULIANI
TWEETED: "MUELLER FILED AN
INDICTMENT JUST AS THE PRESIDENT
LEFT FOR G-20.
IN JULY, HE INDICTED THE
WHO WILL NEVER COME HERE, JUST
BEFORE HE LEFT FOR HELSINKI.
EITHER COULD HAVE BEEN DONE
EARLIER OR LATER.
OUT OF CONTROL!
SUPERVISION, PLEASE?"
NOW, NOTICE HOW GIULIANI DIDN'T
PUT A SPACE AFTER THIS PERIOD,
SO IT CREATED A HYPERLINK,
BECAUSE ".in" DIRECTS TO
WEBSITES IN INDIA.
WELL, SOMEONE BOUGHT THAT
DOMAIN, SO NOW WHEN YOU CLICK
"G-20.in" YOU SEE, "DONALD J.
TRUMP IS A TRAITOR TO OUR
COUNTRY."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Jon: LOOK AT THAT!
THEY'RE TRYING TO SPREAD THE
WORD.
>> Stephen: ONCE AGAIN, THE
INTERNET LEAKS A HUGE SPOILER.
(  LAUGHTER  )
GIULIANI DID NOT TAKE THIS
CALMLY.
"TWITTER ALLOWED SOMEONE TO
INVADE MY TEXT WITH A DISGUSTING
ANTI-PRESIDENT MESSAGE.
>> Stephen: NO, NO, THEY DIDN'T.
YOU'RE JUST OLD.
"ALERT THE POLICE!
SOMEBODY HACKED MY LANDLINE.
I CAN'T GET AN OPERATOR TO
CONNECT ME TO KLONDIKE 532!
HELLO!
HELLO, MABEL.
MAKE THIS A STATION-TO-STATION
CALL.
WHEWHERE'S THE--" CLICK.
"HELLO."
HE CONTINUED, "THE SAME THING--
PERIOD NO SPACE-- OCCURRED
LATER, AND IT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
DON'T TELL ME THEY ARE NOT
COMMITTED, CARD-CARRYING
ANTI-TRUMPERS."
WAIT.
THERE'S A CARD?
(  LAUGHTER  )
DOES IT GET YOU DISCOUNTS AT THE
CNN STORE?
GIULIANI IS COMPLAINING BECAUSE
HE ALSO DIDN'T PUT A SPACE
BETWEEN HELSINKI DOT EITHER, AND
THAT DID NOT CREATE A HYPERLINK.
ALTHOUGH, IF IT DID, I ASSUME IT
WOULD SEND YOU TO A DATING SITE
FOR "NOT PICKY FINNISH
BISEXUALS."
IT'S COLD.
WHO CARES?
BUT HERE, SIR, MR. GIULIANI,
HERE'S WHY IT DIDN'T MAKE A
HYPERLINK:
EITHER ISN'T A DOMAIN NAME.
NOW, I WOULDN'T EXPECT A
74-YEAR-OLD MAN TO KNOW THAT,
EXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT
GIULIANI IS TRUMP'S
CYBERSECURITY ADVISER.
"OH, ABSOLUTELY, ABSOLUTELY.
RUDY IS A TECH WIZARD.
HE'S THE ONE WHO TAUGHT ME HOW
TO TYPE 'BOOBS' INTO A
CALCULATOR 5-8-0-0."